The last big thing we have to do is get a domain name and pointed at our Kubernetes application running
on Digital Ocean.
Let's go back over to our Digital Ocean Dashboard really quick.
I want to show you something interesting over on Digital Ocean.
On the left hand side, I'm going to find the networking tab right here.
Then I'm going to click on load balancers and you might notice that you have a load balancer right here.
This load balancer was created automatically by Ingress and Gen X when we created it inside of our cluster.
This load balancer.
And by the way, if you see some things right here saying down, that's totally fine.
Digital ocean is buggy sometimes, particularly the dashboard.
So this load balancer is directing traffic into your cluster.
If we want to somehow get access to our cluster from a normal web browser, here's what we have to do.
Right now on Digital Ocean, we've got our cluster as three nodes and we also have a load balancer.
The load balancer has an external IP assigned to it automatically by digital ocean.
You can find that external IP listed right here up at the top.
As a matter of fact, if you copy that IP right now and try to visit it inside your browser, you'll
get a 404 not found.
And that is an error, of course, but you'll notice that the air is coming from engine x.
So right now you are making request to your ingress engine X load balancer, but unfortunately you are
using no hostname whatsoever.
And so none of the routing rules we had put together inside of our service file are being applied to
your request.
So in order to get this working, we have to buy a domain name and point it at that load balancer or
specifically really the IP address.
That's what we really need to do next.
We need to purchase a domain name and then point it at the load balancer that was created for us automatically.
The purchase the domain name I'm going to use name cheap.
Now you can use absolutely any domain name provider you want to use.
So Name Cheap is one that I use to manage a couple of different domain names.
Again, it's totally up to you.
Use any domain name provider you wish.
We don't really need any particular domain name.
We just need really the cheapest one around so we can test everything out.
So me personally, I'm going to try to buy a domain name of something like I don't know.
Ticketing dash app dash fraud.
Remember, the longer the domain name is in general, the more characters it has generally, the cheaper
it is.
So if I tried to buy a domain name like that, I can look around a little bit and it looks like I can
get ticketing at product XYZ or just $1 a year.
Well, that's pretty cheap.
You could definitely look around and say, here's one at $1.29.
Definitely some pretty cheap options out there.
Here's one at 280.
So go ahead and pick up any old domain name.
I'm going to buy this one in particular.
I'll then view that item and I'm going to check out.
So at this point, I'm going to enter in my credit card information and purchase this domain name.
So go ahead and purchase a domain of your own and I'll see you in the next video.
Once you have purchased the domain, then we're going to set up that domain and point it at our running
load balancer over on Digital Ocean.